Last month I negotiated over 3 million.
How much do I get?
So is everyone.
People don't even say, how much worse are you?
They don't talk because they have families to support.
Mortgage repayment
You think this is mud?
Stop flattering yourself.
You have several thousand dollars a month.
Don't dare to be late.
Don't dare ask for leave
Don't even dare to get sick.
Tran Nhi, I tell you.
Your company will grow from 5,000 to 3,000.
And kill people overtime every day
If you do not agree, you go away.
I make you work overtime.
What's wrong with engineering school looking down on you?
Aren't you still obediently listening to me?
Ha ha, you panic.
I listen to your mother.
This.
My salary is not given away by anyone.
Lao Tzu earns you instantly.
That's what I earn for you too.
I will bear you for three years.
I will not serve him until he dies.
What the hell? Shoot the gun backwards.
If you want to play, then go away.